Add overview on traps and JS API (#93)
WebAssembly/exception-handling: proposals/Exceptions.md

a stack trace that can be used to report uncaught exceptions. However, the
details of this is left to the embedder.

### Traps and JS API

The `catch` instruction catches exceptions generated by the `throw` instruction,

> but is not supposed to catch traps. The rationale for this is traps, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but does not catch traps. The rationale for this is that traps, which
```

> corresponds to hardware failures in real machines, are not generally needed to

Reviewer: it's not always hardware failures; I think it's more generally that the failures are not locally recoverable.

Author: Fixed to "The rationale for this is that in general traps are    
not locally recoverable and are not needed to be handled in locals scopes like   
try-catch.".

> not locally recoverable and are not needed to be handled in locals scopes like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
not locally recoverable and are not needed to be handled in local scopes like
```

be handled in locals scopes like try-catch.

The `catch` instruction catches foreign exceptions generated from calls to
function imports as well, including JavaScript exceptions, with a few
exceptions:

> 1. When an exported function called from a JavaScript frame traps, the

Reviewer: I don't think it happens currently, but could there ever be a case where we want to have a `RuntimeError` that did not originate as a trap? i.e. Currently this constraint is that `RuntimeError` is never caught and relies on the existing behavior that traps get converted to `RuntimeError` when they unwind through JS frames.
Another possible way of stating this constraint is that the runtime implicitly tracks which exceptions originated as traps, and we say that any exception that originated as a trap does not get caught (and we just don't specify anything about the JS type of the exception). Today those ought to be equivalent. If we prefer to explicitly make the constraint refer to the JS type, then we should maybe also say somewhere (not sure exactly where) that the intention of `RuntimeError` is that it directly corresponds to wasm traps.

Author: From discussion from #89, currently the only case that we get `RuntimeError` when calling a function is from traps. But I think it makes sense to make the condition not explicitly tied to `RuntimeError`, because as you said there might be other cases causing `RuntimeError` in future. And as I said below, these exceptions should not be based on `instnaceof` operator but rather on a predicate that is not observable by JS. But the other question is, does it make sense to catch other kinds of `RuntimeError`, given that we don't catch similar kinds of errors (stack overflow and out of memory) either?

Author: Anyway, reworded the paragraph, PTAL.

   the `catch` instruction does not catch exceptions generated from traps. This
   is currently

>    [`WebAssembly.RuntimeError`](https://webassembly.github.io/reference-types/js-api/#exceptiondef-runtimeerror)

Reviewer 2: I suggest to be even more explicit here:
These are currently instances of [`WebAssembly.RuntimeError`](...), but this detail is not used to decide whether to catch the exception or not. Implementations are supposed to specially mark non-catchable exceptions.

Author: Reworded using the phrases you suggested.

   type.

> 2. The `catch` instruction does not catch JavaScript exceptions generated from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The `catch` instruction does not catch JavaScript exceptions generated from
```
(the numbering will happen automatically)
